Don't worry, ma'am.
Grow with me
Good News
Then say it.
Lin Fan, this trash
To beat your husband 1 billion
project funding
Embezzled and purchased the land in Dongshan, hahaha.
Dongshan is a strange wasteland
This billion is doomed to go to waste
Come here.
When you arrive
Ah, Gao Hahaha, this move is really high
As long as the relevant parties of the project go on strike
He is here to misappropriate project funds
It will definitely be contracted
Hey, by the way, Cheng Cheng, um
I just heard his spirit plate and Secretary Zhu
Are you having an office romance?
ordinary
How dare you!
You dare to sleep with your mother's secretary
Bastard, how dare you
Zhu Xu is Mom's most centralized secretary
The future is to be entrusted with important responsibilities
Mom, I'll see how you sift
Sister, the entire Lin Group belongs to me
Let alone a mere secretary
Even sister, you and I still sleep
I told you so.
As long as you want
Brother, I don't mind.
Communicate with you in a simple way
After all, we are only siblings in name
Is there a true blood relationship, Li Fan?
My good brother
Thank you for sending me such a good secretary
Then I can do it later.
The secretary does something
It's okay hahaha
come
Chu Sheng
Just let Lin Fan, this trash, talk for two more days
Nothing grows with your plan gentleman finish
This Lin Fanren waste
but value
Lin Fan, I'll let you talk for two more days.
The heart photo is counted together.